In this video we'll look at how to configure policies for a fair distributed switch.
So we'll start by going to the networking view and the Vee's for web client.
And under networking we're going to take a look at a port group that we created in the last video called
The V.M. network.
DP And I actually have a little typo in the name so I'm going to edit this poor group quickly change
the name we're going to go through on we're going to set some policies on this poor group.
So we'll start off by modifying the name of the group here.
And you can see here the port binding method that has been chosen is static.
This is appropriate in the vast majority of scenarios.
So a static port binding means is that when a virtual machine is connected to this virtual switch it
will get a specific port and it will keep that specific port.
Even if the virtual machine powers off with dynamic binding when the virtual machine powers off the
porch that it was using is released and you can see here that dynamic port binding is deprecated.
So we don't wanna use that.
We also don't want to use a femoral port binding.
That's really only useful in situations like when the center is down.
So we're going to stick with static port binding and we're going to stick with a lastic port allocation.
Now what a lastic poor allocation means is that this virtual switch is going to start out with a total
of eight ports.
That means that 8 virtual machines can connect to this virtual switch.
When those eight ports are exhausted it is elastic meaning it will expand or contract as needed.
So when those eight ports are exhausted eight more will simply be created at that time.
And we're not going to mess with the network resource pool.
We'll talk about that a little bit more when we get into network IO control.
Here we can see some of the Advanced Settings like do we want to allow the blocking of porks.
Do we want to override different policies like traffic shaping in the lands and things like that.
We're going to leave those as is and take a look at some of the security policies.
So first off we've got promiscuous mode and you can see that I've said that to reject promiscuous mode
is used if you wanna do something like hook up a sniffer or hook up an intrusion prevention system and
monitor all of the traffic.
You can do that with promiscuous mode but as you can imagine it's a security risk.
So under normal circumstances we're going to leave promiscuous mode set to reject with MAC address changes
and forge transmits.
You can see those are also set to reject.
So these two settings allow me to do is if I changed them to accept I will have the ability to spoof
MAC addresses I can actually go into my operating systems of my virtual machines and brightest spoofed
MAC address and the virtual switch will allow that to work.
So this might be necessary for certain software licensing requirements or something along those lines
like for example if you have a software that is licensed based on a particular MAC address and then
you take that machine and you convert it from physical the virtual the MAC address is going to change
and therefore you may need to spoof that MAC address.
But in most cases reject is fine here and that is the security best practice is to set MAC address changes
and forge transmits to reject and prevent Mac spoofing.
We will come back to traffic shaping.
Let's take a look at Vians.
So we've got a couple options here.
I can set a specific VPN on this port group and that means that all traffic coming from any of the victims
connected to this poor group that traffic will be tagged with Vili's and 50 or Villalon one or villans
and 60 or whatever I configure here.
This is called the Virtual switch tagging and it's exactly what it sounds like when traffic hits the
virtual switch the virtual switches that pending a violent attack whereas Villalon trunking gives me
the ability to pass multiple villans through.
So for example if I'm actually configuring a LAN inside of my guest operating system VPN trunking will
pass that Vili's and tags through the virtual switch without modifying it.
This is useful if I'm actually going into my operating system and configuring VLAN tags.
They're.
And then finally private villans will take a look at this a little bit later.
But for the moment I'm not going to do any of the land tagging here.
Here's my nic teaming and fail over policies.
So we went through the purpose of these in a previous lecture.
But you can see here that different nicknaming methods so I can route based on IP hash where this is
going to choose a physical adapter based on both the source and destination IP source Mac hash will
choose a physical adapter based on the source mac address of the virtual machine route based the originating
virtual port will again choose a physical adapter based on the originating virtual port that the virtual
machine is connected to and route based on physical Nic load.
This is a method that's only available with the Vee's fair distributed switch.
And so what route based on physical neck load will do is every VM will use a specific physical adapter
if an adapter starts to reach a certain threshold of traffic that it's actually starting to slow down
or the adapters becoming congested route based on physical neck load will analyze the workload of those
physical adapters and move virtual machines around so that no specific physical adapter becomes over
wild.
So this is a very intelligent way to load balance and it's an option that's only included in the Wii's
fair distributed switch.
Here's where we can enable beacon probing.
Do we want our ESX hosts to send beacon probes out each physical adapter so that they can detect upstream
network failures and leave it at link status only here do we want to notify the physical switches of
changes that occur.
And if a physical adapter fails and is then restored Do we want to move traffic back to that physical
adapter.
And in this case I'm going to go ahead and choose yes.
So those are some of our different policies that we can implement on a distributed port group.
We can also enable net flow if we want to send network traffic information to a net flow collector.
We can do that.
We'll also have to configure some additional settings to make net flow work.
So if you want to enable that flow you also need to modify some settings on the distributed switches
self.
So we'll go to net flow and Chauvet switch rather than just on a port group.
And in order to enable that flow you know put in the IP address of your net flow server the port you'll
also assign an IP address to the distributed switches self.
So that way the distributed switch can actually communicate with your net flow server.
And so what this is actually used for is to send records of how much traffic is occurring on which poor
What times of day is specific traffic type occurring.
You can query and dig deep into network traffic patterns using net flow.
So if you want to send that information to a net flow collector Here's where you'll configure that setting.
This is where we can configure a health check.
Furbies fair distributed which now most of the time you want to leave this disable because it is a security
best practice to leave the health check disabled.
However if you're creating a new distributed switch it's not a bad idea to go ahead and enable this
health check initially just to make sure that the configuration of your distributed switch from a VPN
perspective from an empty view perspective from a nic teaming perspective that those settings actually
match up with the physical network.
That's the purpose of a health check is to go ahead and provide a way to determine is my configuration
consistent with what we have in the physical network.
So let's go back to our port group here.
And take a look at our policies.
OK so we looked at all of our security settings we looked at things like promiscuous mode mac address
changes forge transmits.
We looked at our villans settings.
We looked at our teaming and fail over settings and finally we have traffic filtering and marking.
So if I'd like to I can create some traffic filtering and marking rules.
And the purpose of these traffic filtering and marking rules is twofold.
Number one
clean the software if I have certain traffic that is high priority I can assign a class of service tag
and a DCP tag class of service for Lehre to DCP for Lehre 3.
And what these values are is essentially quality of service Haresh.
So the highest you can go with S.O.S is 7 the high single with the SEP 63 what you're doing is you're
assigning a quality of service tag.
So when the traffic actually leaves the ESX host and hits the physical network the physical network
will read these values that we've configured here.
So let's make it four and twenty.
And the physical network will actually respect these tags that we've applied and prioritize this traffic
appropriately.
So if you've ever configured quality of service in a physical router or physical switch you're probably
familiar with these concepts what we're doing here is we're tagging certain traffic based on a rule
that we define.
Like for example source and destination port source and destination IP address.
Now I can set up these rules to tag certain traffic with certain quality of service headers so that
the traffic is properly prioritized by the physical network itself.
That's what tagging does.
And if these very distributed which you can also choose to block I should say to drop
or allow certain traffic.
So if there are certain traffic like for example let's say there is no way that we should be getting
certain types of traffic in our environment.
Like for example if the protocol is ICMP I just want to block all ICMP traffic from any source address
to maybe a specific range of IP addresses.
I can do that here.
So for example here is a rule that says any UDP traffic coming from port 22 coming from any IP address
that is destined for any machine in the 192 down 168 got 10 0 network will be blocked that traffic will
be dropped.
And so that's how we can go ahead and establish these network traffic rules that will either drop or
allow certain types of traffic.
And then finally this is an option you probably won't use very much but under miscellaneous you can
choose to block all ports in the distributed port group.
So you essentially just want to block all of the traffic on a distributed porker you can do that there.